# portfolio-site
## Spec driven portfolio project for class IS117

### Link to website: https://jefferson2036-droid.github.io/portfolio-site/

### Reflection 

The first step I took when creating my portfolio was research. I told Gemini that I was making a portfolio site and that I needed its help as my designer. Throughout this step, we identified the requirements needed to create a solid portfolio. I explained to Gemini that I was an aspiring Business Analyst, so we had to tailor the site for a recruiter in that industry. From there, we determined the style we were going for. I suggested the Swiss style because it is a clean and professional format. We then decided to use HTML and CSS/Tailwind because it was simple and easily deployable. I asked Gemini to create a project proposal describing what we were making and what it should include. We then worked on the specifications that described exactly how we were building the site. Once the planning phase was complete, we moved on to creating the sprints. Each sprint described the goals, feedback received from the AI, the changes applied, and documentation (pictures). After each sprint was completed, it was pushed to GitHub.

I believe the process of using an LLM to create a website is time-consuming but effective if done correctly. At one point while working on my portfolio, I started to wonder how different it would look if I just asked ChatGPT to make me a portfolio website based on the Swiss style. The difference was clearly visible. The site ChatGPT generated had no depth and very little personality. The reason I say using an LLM is time-consuming is that you have to be very picky with it. You must describe exactly what you want and be organized in your thought process. I ran into a couple of problems throughout the project that affected the final outcome. I do not think I was as picky as I could have been during the planning stage. I feel that the more you separate the project into different parts and describe them, the more effective it becomes. I ended up using only three sprints, but I think it would have been better if I had created more. I could have added another sprint where we discussed the language needed for my descriptions. In the end, I think the project turned out well, though I definitely went out of scope a couple of times.
